[README] Update now-redirected 'www.reactos.org' URLs (#2633)
reactos/reactos: boot/bootdata/readme.txt

compatible with applications and drivers written for the Microsoft® Windows™ NT

> family of operating systems (NT4, 2000, XP, 2003, Vista, Seven).

Reviewer: Not necessarily true beyond XP (eg : some Vista specific API are not supported, limiting supported applications. Current wording may suggest that any application written for these systems will run in ReactOS

I know it's not the core purpose of the PR but might deserve a fix...

Author: > Current wording [...] will [...]

That is worded as a goal, so future, hence all right.
(Although I agree it can be a bit misleading, as current alpha state is obviously not there yet.)

> I know it's not the core purpose of the PR but might deserve a fix...

Rewriting the text is not my purpose at all!
Please, avoid such unrelated comments.

-----------------------------

> Some of your questions may be answered in: https://www.reactos.org/joining/faqs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some of your questions may be answered in: https://reactos.org/faq/
```
